##test 2019.09.17
model error is: 1.03
total error is: 1.24
time is:965
forlake.i_node6070
end of loop
dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 1.05
total error is: 1.24

 time is:964

##test 2019.09.17 - compute loop bounds only once
 time is:913

 forlake.i_node6070
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 1.05
total error is: 1.24

 time is:911

 forlake.i_node6062
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 1.04
total error is: 1.24

 time is:903




##test 2019.09.17 - add const to loop bound, not much effect


 forlake.i_node6070
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 1.05
total error is: 1.24

 time is:911

 forlake.i_node6062
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 1.04
total error is: 1.24

 time is:903

 forlake.i_node5994
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 1.02
total error is: 1.24

 time is:913

 forlake.i_node6102
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 1.03
total error is: 1.24

 time is:911




 


##test 2019.09.17 - yeah found bug impeeding accuracy

  forlake.i_node8482
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 0.65
total error is: 1.24

 time is:1554

 forlake.i_node8394
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 0.67
total error is: 1.24

 time is:1552

 forlake.i_node8388
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 0.67
total error is: 1.24

 time is:1567

 forlake.i_node8474
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 0.64
total error is: 1.24

 time is:1576

 forlake.i_node8526
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
model error is: 0.66
total error is: 1.24

 time is:1548

 forlake.i_node8352
end of loop

 dynarray deleted
with ownership to heap
